IntroToT&TSyllabus.md, before:

## Course Information
This section should include: 
1) The course number, section, name; course number, section, and name; semester and year; any applicable prerequisites, co-requisites, or other enrollment requirements; and meeting dates, times, and place(s) and/or description of course modality. Information should be from from the official Schedule of Classes.
2) Instructor and/or GTA contact information. Name(s) of instructor(s) and Graduate Teaching Assistant(s), as applicable; UCF email addresses; office, department location, and phone number; and times and locations for in-person and/or virtual office hours.
#### Course Description
In addition to the official description published in Graduate Catalog, you should include an overview of the scope and purpose of the course. Additionally, you must include specific, measurable learning objectives that: are consistent with the scope and purpose of the course and tie as clearly as possible to course assignments and activities.
#### Required Materials
This should include required texts as well as other applicable materials (if any).
## Course Policies
This should include policies about participation expecttions; attendance; late work; academic honesty; course accessibility; and campus safety. You may want to add other policies. A list of required policies is available on the UCF Faculty Center for Teaching and Learning's website.
## Assignments
This section should include a list of assignments with their point totals or percentage weights; a brief description of each; grading standards; and a grading scale (i.e., +/- scale or straight letter grades). Examples might include:
- Week 1 attendance assignment
- Discussion posts
- Final paper or project
## Schedule
The minimum required here is due dates for major assignments and exams/assessments; method(s) for submitting assignments; and the date and format of the final exam. You may want to add information on withdrawal dates or other events.

Abby this is a test for a pull request

Commit message:

Exam Summaries & Mock Exam Assignment Description
Hi Abbey. I've created the descriptions for the exam summaries and the mock exam assignments. Everything should also be formatted correctly with markdown.

IntroToT&TSyllabus.md, after:

## Course Information
This section should include: 
1) The course number, section, name; course number, section, and name; semester and year; any applicable prerequisites, co-requisites, or other enrollment requirements; and meeting dates, times, and place(s) and/or description of course modality. Information should be from from the official Schedule of Classes.
2) Instructor and/or GTA contact information. Name(s) of instructor(s) and Graduate Teaching Assistant(s), as applicable; UCF email addresses; office, department location, and phone number; and times and locations for in-person and/or virtual office hours.
#### Course Description
In addition to the official description published in Graduate Catalog, you should include an overview of the scope and purpose of the course. Additionally, you must include specific, measurable learning objectives that: are consistent with the scope and purpose of the course and tie as clearly as possible to course assignments and activities.
#### Required Materials
This should include required texts as well as other applicable materials (if any).
## Course Policies
This should include policies about participation expecttions; attendance; late work; academic honesty; course accessibility; and campus safety. You may want to add other policies. A list of required policies is available on the UCF Faculty Center for Teaching and Learning's website.
## Assignments

#### Exam Summaries:

10 times per semester, students should summarize one of the required weekly readings as if for a candidacy exam. Create a template to structure each exam summary. The template should be designed using the following headings as a minimum requirement: (1.) Author's argument (2.) Key Concepts (3.) Key Quotes (4.) Strengths/Weaknesses (5.) Connections to your research (6.) Connections to other authors/texts (7.) MLA or APA reference entry

#### Mock Comprehensive Exam:

This exam is practice for the comprehensive exams students will take once their coursework in T&T is complete.  This exam aims to check students’ understanding  of Texts and Technology as a field of knowledge as measured by the texts students read in class and prepared exam summaries for.

Students should  answer the questions below and respond to each thoroughly with an essay that displays their knowledge and has appropriate development and details. Each essay should be a minimum of six pages in length. Please include the question at the beginning of each response essay. Double-space your responses, use a 12-point font, and insert page numbers.

1. What is Texts and Technology? How does your work fit into it? Use at least four authors in your response.
2. What is interdisciplinarity? How is your work interdisciplinary? Use at least four authors in your response. 

## Schedule
The minimum required here is due dates for major assignments and exams/assessments; method(s) for submitting assignments; and the date and format of the final exam. You may want to add information on withdrawal dates or other events.
